Addon Test: Support story name as test description (#29147)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-tests/vitest-plugin.mdx

We recommend using Chromium, because it is most likely to best match the experience of a majority of your users. However, you can use other browsers by adjusting the [browser name in the Vitest configuration file](https://vitest.dev/config/#browser-name). Note that [Playwright and WebDriverIO support different browsers](https://vitest.dev/guide/browser/#browser-option-types).

> ### How do I customized the test description
> 
> We are using the exportName of a story definition by default, but you can provide a `name` property for the story to customize the test description. This is useful when you want have places, brackets or other special characters in the test description.

Reviewer: Can you add a code snippet alongside this so users can understand it better?

```ts
export const Story = {
  storyName: 'custom, descriptive name'
};
```

```suggestion
### How do I customize the test description?

By default, the export name of a story is mapped to the test name. You can provide a `name` property for the story to customize the test description, allowing you to write more descriptive names. This is useful when you want use spaces, brackets or other special characters in the test description.
```
